So now that we have got our, uh, intermediate results from the tools, which is going to give us the
multiply numbers, and this is the tool name and the tool input parameters, we can now try to formulate
this kind of structure with our actual test cases that we are looking for.
So how do we actually do that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to write the the method over here, uh, in a bit of uh, the customized
fashion over here.
So I'm going to say intermediate result is equal to basically that's going to be the response of the
intermediate result, as you know, which is going to be this one.
I'm going to go copy paste that.
So it's not intermediate result.
It's intermediate steps I guess maybe we can just name this as intermediate steps as well.
And now with this intermediate steps that we have got, we can get the uh the actual results like how
we actually did over here, as you can see.
So if you just go, uh, way further, which is this one.
So intermediate steps.
We got this particular thing over here.
So if I just say zero it is going to give me the the first ten elements is going to be this one.
And over here my idea is I wanted to write pretty much like a written as, like a tuples over here.
What I'm going to say agent action.
And the result is equal to this one.
So this is basically going to be a tuple.
And I can now get the uh agent action which is the the actual agent name that we're looking for.
So for that I'm going to say uh tool uh maybe.
Yeah.
Tool which is going to be the tool name that I'm looking for so I can get it from the agent action,
uh, of dot uh, tool that's going to give me the tool name.
And if I want to get the, uh, tool input, which is going to be this one, then I can just say tool
underscore input, which is equal to, uh, agent action dot tool underscore input.
So basically this is going to return me a tuple in Python.
I'm just going to store in the in the agent action.
And the result and this agent action is going to be these value that we're going to be getting over
here.
The tool.
So you can just get the tool over here.
And now if we're just going to print the tool and the tool input, if I try to run this thing over here,
you see that the tool name is going to be the multiply number.
And the tool input is going to be a of two comma two and b as two.
So hope you got the idea right.
This is basically I'm creating from this particular array.
I'm just creating the entire tuples over here even further.
If you want to go even further to go even more crazy about this entire stuff, because we also have
got the result of four in here, which is the output.
You can also get that information as well, for instance.
So if I just say tool output, uh, like that is equal to this one half one, which means that it's
going to give you the tool output.
So now if you're just going to say print the tool output over here, let's try running it.
Um it looks like I messed up with the result over here.
See that?
This is the same name I'm actually using, which is crazy.
I've just wrongly used that name two times.
So let me just try to run this again.
And maybe this name should be different.
It should be like a results or anything like that.
Yeah.
Results.
If I run this one over here look at that.
So you get the multiply numbers, the input parameters and the output.
As for the tool output.
As for.
So all of these are required for me while I create the LM test case.
And these are the things which is required for the input over here.
As you can see the tool called.
And of course they have not really added any documentation for input parameters and the output details
which we are going to be doing over here.
But hope you got the idea, like how you can massage your intermediate steps that you are getting and
create the tool name, tool input and the tool output that you're looking for.
Something like this.
Now this structure, just hold this thought over here.
Just this structure is going to be used for your tool calls.
As you can see over here, the expected tools.
You see that the multiply numbers multiply numbers.
The input parameter is, which is going to be the a as this and b is this.
Look at that and the output is going to be four for this one.
And the output is over here.
So we can now compare this expected tools with the actual tools that we have got over here.
Right.
And now let's going back to our our code over here.
And just like try to implement the exact same thing that we have written over here, I'm going to copy
this whole thing, uh, which is this one.
And I'm going to go paste into the method that we have created over here.
Uh, just this one, uh, something like that.
We can just say the indentation is important in Python, so I'm going to just do the indentation over
here.
Um, and what else we have got.
So we have got the intermediate steps and that intermediate steps.
We are going to pass it over here, uh, which is going to be this intermediate steps of zero.
Right.
Uh, that is going to get me the agent action and the results.
And then we have got the, uh, Tool output as well.
So we get the tools and tool input.
Now I'm going to return all of these to the color method.
Color of this particular method is going to be I'm going to return the tool.
I'm going to return the tool input.
And I'm also going to return the tool output so that all of these can be returned to the color.
So at any time if I'm going to pass any question to this one, it's going to invoke the AI agent is
going to get you the response.
And it's also going to get you the intermediate steps, um, which is going to have the details that
you're looking for over here.
If you want to get the response as well, you can get the response as well, because we're not really
returning the response.
Um, probably return the response as well if you wanted to.
I mean, it depends if you really wanted to return the response, you can do that as well, because
this response is something that you can use as an, uh, as the response that you are giving to the,
to the caller.
But I don't think we really need the response.
So I'm just going to limit from here on.
So this is how you can, you can uh, you can create this particular method with all the input that
is required for your LM test case.